Added ALT Tag for configure/custom-branding-tools.rst (#5585)
mattermost/docs: source/configure/custom-branding-tools.rst

Use custom branding tools to present a Mattermost experience that's tailored to the branding of your organization.

.. figure:: ../images/custom-branding-tools.png

>    :alt: Use custom branding tools for your organization to present Mattermost experience

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Text and imagery on the Mattermost log in page can be customized to present a branded Mattermost experience for your organization.
```
